1	What are important factors in deciding whether to use a certain tool?	complexity;frequency of use;integration;cost;quality;interface;	installation;popularity;
10	What are good techniques for defensive programming?	employing a good coding style and sound design;not coding in a hurry;trusting no one;writing code for clarity, not brevity;compiling with all warnings turned on;	trusting root users;trusting clients;letting people change stuff they shouldn't be able too;
11	What are good techniques for defensive programming?	using static analysis tools;checking every return value;handling memory;writing code for clarity, not brevity;initialzing all variables at there point of declaration;declaring variables as late as possible;	using dynamic analysis tools;trusting root users;
12	What are good techniques for defensive programming?	using a good diagnostic logging facility;casting carefully;following language idioms;checking numeric limits;marking as many things as const as possible;declaring variables as late as possible;	using dynamic analysis tools;providing no default behavior in switch statements;
125	What are good metrics for the quality of a presentation stytle?	consistent;convential;concise;	complex;convoluted;crazy;arduous;
129	What are important factors in making your team using a coding style?	How many programmers there are;How they code as individuals;How similar their coding styles are already;Whether they actually want a standard or not;Whether they are prepared to change their styles at all;	The experience of the programmers;How much the other programmers like you;
13	What makes testing hard?	the amount of parameters passed into the method;the type of looping or branching or recursion the code contains;conditional statements;the size of the code;dependencies;external inputs;	exceptions;schedule crunch;
14	What makes testing hard?	external stimuli;threads;evolution;hardware faults;nasty failure modes;	your manager;your piece of mind;
16	Which is a way to reduce the amount of data stored?	Using a generated sequences of numbers to give predictable values.;Using a random number generator to create a sequence of numbers.;	Buy larger storage.;Refactoring.;Zipping your files.;
162	What does a name describe?	Identity;Behavior;Recognition;	History;Creator;
164	What are NOT some general dos and dont's for naming variables?	Cryptic;Verbose;Inaccurate;Misleading;Ambiguous;Vague;Too Cute;	Clear;Specific;Concise;
165	What are some general dos and dont's for naming variables?	use common terms;use common frames of reference;use words from the problem domain;draw on descriptive desing pattern names;	be Verbose;use variable names that can be interpreted in several ways;use abbreviations;
17	What are the two things game are made of?	logic;data;	graphics;ai;files;
18	Is using text files during deelopment to store data a good idea?	yes, text files are dead simple editing and making changes;yes, you don't need to change the code, to change how the program works;	no, becuase hackers can use them to there advantage;no, becuase you cannot simply the data that much;
23	How would you check if a file is in your workspace?	p4 have //.../index.html;p4 have c:/p4/files/index.html;	p4 check //.../index.html;p4 find //.../index.html;p4 find c:/p4/files/index.html;p4 check c:/p4/files/index.html;
25	What should you asume?	Assume nothing.;Unwritten assumptions continually cause faults, paritculary as code grows.;Be a little paranoid at the outset can maek code a little more robust in the long run.;	The function won't ever be called like that.;The piece of code will always work.;No one will ever try to access this variable if I document it for internal use only.;The automated way of doing this will always works becuase Microsoft tested it thoroughly.;The disk won't will up.;The network won't fail.;Your code will work.;
3	How would you take control of a programs execution?	raise an error when something goes wrong;detect all possible error reports;handle error reports appropriately;propogate errors you cannot handle;	detect only errors you care about;don't raise error, just ignore it;
38	Do's and Don't for Beginners	Don't begin a running program without a full medical exam.;Don't attempt to train through an atheltic injury.;Do dress correctly.;Don't run in worn-out shoes.;	Do run in shoes that are designed for other sports.;Don't tell someone where you'll be running and when you expected to return.;Don't some light stretching exercises to your run or walk workout.;
39	Do's and Don't for Beginners	Don't run in shoes that are designed for other sports.;Do tell someone where you'll be running and when you expected to return.;Do some light stretching exercises to your run or walk workout.;	Do begin a running program without a full medical exam.;Do attempt to train through an atheltic injury.;Don't dress correctly.;Do run in worn-out shoes.;
4	What are ways in which to keep your comments useful?	documenting the unexpected;telling the truth;making them worthwhile;are clear;are comprehensible;	telling about how it used to be;comments at the end of blocks;using ASCII art;commenting out large sections of useless code;
40	Do's and Don't for Beginners	Do watch out for cars.;Don't expect drivers to watch out for you.;Do inlcude a training parnter in your program.;	Do wear headphones when running outside, whether you're training or racing.;Do run in remote areas.;Don't streatch after running.;
41	Do's and Don't for Beginners	Don't wear headphones when running outside, whether you're training or racing.;Don't run in remote areas.;Do streatch after running.;	Don't watch out for cars.;Do expect drivers to watch out for you;Don't inlcude a training parnter in your program.;
42	What is a fixed coordiante frame?	three linearly independent vectors and a reference positon that is not translating or rotating;a basis point and an origin that is an inerital frame.;	three nonlinearly independent vectors and a reference point that is not translating or rotating;three linearly independent vectors and a reference positon that is translating or rotating;three nonlinearly independent vectors and a reference positon that is translating or rotating;a basis point and an origin that is not an inerital frame.;
44	What is the world frame?	A mutualy oroghonal unit vector at the basis;Also called the world space.;Any point in space that can be specified with respect to to the coord frame by 3 numbers.;	A non mutualy oroghonal unit vector at the basis;
45	When can off by one errors occur?	When an iterative loop iterates one time too many or too few.;Fails to take into account that a sequence starts at zero rather than one.;When "<=" is used where "<" should have been used.;	When you add one too many or too few to a value.;When you are one off the answer.;
47	What is fascia?	A specialized connective tissue layer.;Surrounds muscles, bones, and joints.;Provides support and protection adn givign structures to the body.;Consists of three layers the superfical, subserous, and deep fascia.;	Consists of two layers the superfical and deep fascia.;Consists of one layer the subserous fascia.;Surrounds muscles and joints.;Surrounds muscles.;
48	What is superficial fasica?	Located directly under the epidermis and dermis.;It's functions include store of fat and water.;Provides pasageways for revers and blood vessels.;	In all areas of the body it provides a skeletal muscles layer allowing for skin to move.;
49	What is deep fascia?	Sits beneath the sueprficial fasica.;Aids muscle movements.;Provides passgeways for nerver and blood vessels.;In some parts fo the body it provides an attachment site for muscles.;In some parts of the body it acts as a cushioning layer between bones.;	Sits above the sueprficial fasica.;Does not aid muscle movements.;Does not act as a cushioning layer between bones.;
50	What is subserous fascia?	Sits between the deep fasica and the membranes lining the cavities of the body.;There are potential spaces between it and the deep fascia.;	Is also called the myofascia.;
51	What makes sports drinks better then water?	You absorb them faster.;They're full of minerals.;They'll boost your energy.;They are tasty.;	You absorb them slower.;They have no minerals.;
52	What is the taper?	The time runners set aside before a big race.;Can last from two days to two weeks.;Rest, get strong, and get psyched for the upcoming race.;	The time runners set aside after a big race.;Involes just reducing your daily training.;Not changing your diet.;
53	What are important things to do on race day?	Eat a light meal the morning of your race, no matter when it starts.;Take lots of carbs before long races.;Bagels, raisins, banans, sports drinks, pasta, and rice are great prerace foods;Stay adequately hydrated.;	Eats little carbs before logn races.;Not eating before a race.;Drinking lots of alcohol the night before.;
7	What consitutes a good name?	is descriptive;technically correct;uses words in the lanauge (idiomatic);contexually appropriate;uses natural language words;uses the correct tone;favors clarity;	favors brevity;uses abbreviations;
8	Why is code formatting important?	helps avoid confusion;shows bugs more clearly;illuminates and supports your code's structure;helps the reader understand what's going on;	make it easier for the compiler to read;appeases the standard gods;
9	What is Defensive Programming?	a method of prevention;helps us write correct software from the start;moves away from the code-it, try-it loop;	checking for errors in your code;testing your code;adding more checks while debugging;
